src/collections/integrations/gatekeeper/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Gatekeeper
subtitle: Collaborative and visual infrastructure as code for Gatekeeper
integrationIcon: ./gatekeeper-color.svg
docURL: https://docs.meshery.io
category: Runtime
subcategory: Scheduling & Orchestration
featureList: ['Drag-n-drop cloud native infrastructure designer to configure, model, and deploy your workloads.',
'Invite anyone to review and make changes to your private designs.',
'Ongoing synchronization of Kubernetes configuration and changes across any number of clusters.'
]
workingSlides: [
    ../_images/meshmap-visualizer.png,
    ../_images/meshmap-designer.png]
howItWorks: Figma for DevOps
howItWorksDetails: Collaboratively manage infrastructure with your coworkers synchronously sharing the same designs.
published: false
---
<p>
    Cloud Native Control Planes
</p>
<p>
    Collaboratively and visually diagram your cloud native infrastructure with GitOps-style pipeline integration. Design, test, and manage configuration your Kubernetes-based, containerized applications as a visual topology.
</p>
<p>
    Looking for best practice cloud native design and deployment best practices? Choose from thousands of pre-built components in MeshMap. Choose from hundreds of ready-made design patterns by importing templates from Meshery Catalog or use our low code designer, MeshMap, to create and deploy your own cloud native infrastructure designs.
</p>

Commit message:

gatekeeper
Signed-off-by: leecalcote <leecalcote@gmail.com>

src/collections/integrations/gatekeeper/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Gatekeeper
subtitle: Collaborative and visual infrastructure as code for Gatekeeper
integrationIcon: ./gatekeeper-color.svg
docURL: https://docs.meshery.io
category: Security & Compliance
subcategory: 
featureList: ['Gatekeeper is a validating and mutating webhook that enforces CRD-based policies executed by Open Policy Agent.',
'Invite anyone to review and make changes to your private designs.',
'Ongoing synchronization of Kubernetes configuration and changes across any number of clusters.'
]
workingSlides: [
    ../_images/meshmap-visualizer.png,
    ../_images/meshmap-designer.png]
howItWorks: Figma for DevOps
howItWorksDetails: Collaboratively manage infrastructure with your coworkers synchronously sharing the same designs.
published: true
---
<p>
    Policy Controller for Kubernetes
</p>
<p>
    Collaboratively and visually diagram your cloud native infrastructure with GitOps-style pipeline integration. Design, test, and manage configuration your Kubernetes-based, containerized applications as a visual topology.
</p>
<p>
    Looking for best practice cloud native design and deployment best practices? Choose from thousands of pre-built components in MeshMap. Choose from hundreds of ready-made design patterns by importing templates from Meshery Catalog or use our low code designer, MeshMap, to create and deploy your own cloud native infrastructure designs.
</p>
