src/collections/integrations/Calico/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Calico
subtitle: Collaborative and visual infrastructure as code for calico
integrationIcon: 
darkModeIntegrationIcon: 
docURL: 
category: 
subcategory: Cloud Native Network
featureList: ['Full Kubernetes network policy support
Work with the original reference implementation of Kubernetes network policy','Rich network and security policy model for secure communication and WireGuard encryption','Meshery&ldquos standards based Service Mesh Performance helps you analyze your Calico networks.']
workingSlides: [
				../_images/meshmap-visualizer.png,
				../_images/meshmap-designer.png]
howItWorks: Collaborative Infrastructure as Code
howItWorksDetails: 
published: FALSE
---

<p>
    Collaboratively and visually diagram your cloud native infrastructure with GitOps-style pipeline integration. Design, test, and manage configuration your Kubernetes-based, containerized applications as a visual topology.
</p>
<p>
    Looking for best practice cloud native design and deployment best practices? Choose from thousands of pre-built components in MeshMap. Choose from hundreds of ready-made design patterns by importing templates from Meshery Catalog or use our low code designer, MeshMap, to create and deploy your own cloud native infrastructure designs.
</p>

Commit message:

calico revert
Signed-off-by: leecalcote <leecalcote@gmail.com>

src/collections/integrations/Calico/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Calico
subtitle: Collaborative and visual infrastructure as code for calico
integrationIcon: icon/color/calico-icon-color.svg
darkModeIntegrationIcon: icon/white/calico-icon-white.svg
docURL: 
category: Runtime
subcategory: Cloud Native Network
featureList: ['Full Kubernetes network policy support
Work with the original reference implementation of Kubernetes network policy','Rich network and security policy model for secure communication and WireGuard encryption','Meshery&ldquos standards based Service Mesh Performance helps you analyze your Calico networks.']
workingSlides: [
				../_images/meshmap-visualizer.png,
				../_images/meshmap-designer.png]
howItWorks: Collaborative Infrastructure as Code
howItWorksDetails: 
published: false
---

<p>
    Calico enables Kubernetes workloads and non-Kubernetes or legacy workloads to communicate seamlessly and securely. Kubernetes pods are first class citizens on your network and able to communicate with any other workload on your network.</p>
<p>
    Looking for best practice cloud native design and deployment best practices? Choose from thousands of pre-built components in MeshMap. Choose from hundreds of ready-made design patterns by importing templates from Meshery Catalog or use our low code designer, MeshMap, to create and deploy your own cloud native infrastructure designs.
</p>
