src/collections/integrations/Consul/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Consul
subtitle: The easiest way to get a production-grade Consul clusters up and running
integrationIcon: ../../../assets/images/service-mesh-icons/consul.svg
docURL: https://docs.meshery.io/service-meshes/adapters/consul
category: Service Mesh
featureList: [
    "Visualize the topology of your Consul service mesh deployment",
    "Analyze Consul Connect's configuration",
    "Explore Consul's Service Splitter"]
workingSlides: [
    ./slide2.png,
    ./slide2.png]
published: true
---

<p>
    Deploy and manage the configuration of your Consul service meshes using the Meshery Adapter for Consul with GitOps-style pipeline integration. Design, test, and manage configuration of all your cloud infrastructure and containerized applications as a visual topology. Choose from hundreds of ready-made design patterns by importing templates from Meshery Catalog or use our low code designer, MeshMap, create and deploy your own cloud native infrastructure designs.
</p>
<p>
    Learn more about <a href="/company/news/layer5-and-hashicorp-launch-service-mesh-partnership">Layer5 and HashiCorp's partnership</a>.
</p>

Commit message:

update integrations data
Signed-off-by: Gaganpreet Kaur Kalsi <gagansinghkalsi4126@gmail.com>

src/collections/integrations/Consul/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Consul
subtitle: Collaborative and visual infrastructure as code for Consul
integrationIcon: ../../../assets/images/service-mesh-icons/consul.svg
docURL: https://docs.meshery.io/service-meshes/adapters/consul
category: Orchestration & Management
subcategory: Service Mesh
featureList: [
    "Visualize the topology of your Consul service mesh deployment",
    "Analyze Consul Connect's configuration",
    "Explore Consul's Service Splitter"]
workingSlides: [
    ./slide2.png,
    ./slide2.png]
howItWorks: Collaborative Infrastructure as Code
howItWorksDetails: Collaboratively manage infrastructure with your coworkers synchronously sharing the same designs.
published: true
---

<p>
    Consul is a distributed, highly available, and data center aware solution to connect and configure applications across dynamic, distributed infrastructure.
</p>
<p>
    Deploy and manage the configuration of your Consul service meshes using the Meshery Adapter for Consul with GitOps-style pipeline integration. Design, test, and manage configuration of all your cloud infrastructure and containerized applications as a visual topology. Choose from hundreds of ready-made design patterns by importing templates from Meshery Catalog or use our low code designer, MeshMap, create and deploy your own cloud native infrastructure designs.
</p>
<p>
    Learn more about <a href="/company/news/layer5-and-hashicorp-launch-service-mesh-partnership">Layer5 and HashiCorp's partnership</a>.
</p>
