src/collections/integrations/spire/index.mdx, before:

---
title: SPIRE
subtitle: Collaborative and visual infrastructure as code for SPIRE
integrationIcon: icon/color/spire-icon-color.svg
darkModeIntegrationIcon: icon/white/spire-icon-white.svg
docURL: 
category: Key Management
featureList: ['SPIRE design and deployment best practices',
'Configure SPIRE to securely issue and renew SVIDs.',
'Design workloads to establish trust between each other by establishing an mTLS connection or by signing and verifying a JWT token.'
]
workingSlides: [
    ../_images/meshmap-visualizer.png,
    ../_images/meshmap-designer.png]
howItWorks: Configure your signing framework
howItWorksDetails: Simplify access from identified services to secret stores, databases, services meshes and cloud provider services.
published: true
---
<p>
    Meshery deploys and manages SPIRE (the SPIFFE Runtime Environment). SPIRE is a toolchain of APIs for establishing trust between software systems across a wide variety of hosting platforms. SPIRE exposes the SPIFFE Workload API, which can attest running software systems and issue SPIFFE IDs and SVIDs to them. 
</p>
<p>
    Collaboratively and visually diagram your cloud native infrastructure with GitOps-style pipeline integration. Design, test, and manage configuration your Kubernetes-based, containerized applications as a visual topology.
</p>
<p>
    Looking for best practice cloud native design and deployment best practices? Choose from thousands of pre-built components in MeshMap. Choose from hundreds of ready-made design patterns by importing templates from Meshery Catalog or use our low code designer, MeshMap, to create and deploy your own cloud native infrastructure designs.
</p>

Commit message:

rm spiffe, add kyverno
Signed-off-by: leecalcote <leecalcote@gmail.com>

src/collections/integrations/spire/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Kyverno  
subtitle: Collaborative and visual infrastructure as code for Kyverno
integrationIcon: icon/color/kyverno-icon-color.svg
darkModeIntegrationIcon: icon/white/kyverno-icon-white.svg
docURL: 
category: Security & Compliance
featureList: ['Use Meshery's GitHub Actions to test policies and validate resources without need for the Kyverno CLI.',
'Use Meshery with Kyverno to inspect image metadata and 
match resources using label selectors and wildcards.',
'Report Kyverno policy violations alongside your existing Meshery policy reports.'

]
workingSlides: [
    ./images/meshmap-visualizer.png,
    ./images/meshmap-designer.png]
howItWorks: Block non-conformant resources
howItWorksDetails: Using MeshMap, apply best practice design templates for admission control over non-conformant resources.
published: true
---
<p>
    Kubernetes Native Policy Management
</p>
<p>
    Meshery integrates with Kyverno along with policy engines designed for Kubernetes, like Open Policy Agent. With Kyverno, policies are managed as Kubernetes resources and no new language is required to write policies. This allows using familiar tools such as kubectl, git, and kustomize to manage policies. Meshery's GitOps-style management of Kyverno policies makes their review, validation, and approval simple. 
</p>
<p>
    Looking for best practice cloud native design and deployment best practices? Choose from thousands of pre-built components in MeshMap. Choose from hundreds of ready-made design patterns by importing templates from Meshery Catalog or use our low code designer, MeshMap, to create and deploy your own cloud native infrastructure designs.
</p>
