src/collections/members/_member-profile-template/index.mdx, before:

---
name: # First and Last Name
position: # (e.g. Contributor, Maintainer, MeshMate, Community Manager)
image_path: ./display-picture.png
github: # just the user handle (e.g. vinayaksh42)
twitter: # just the user handle (e.g. Vinayak47427793)
linkedin: # last portion of https://www.linkedin.com/in/<profile-name> (e.g. vinayak-sharma-141096193)
location: # City, Country
bio: # One or two paragraphs about the community member, enclosed in quotation marks.
badges: # List of badges that this member carries. 
            # Badges represent projects that a member has contributed to.
            # Possible badges include
#  - meshery
#  - meshery-operator
#  - smp
#  - nighthawk
#  - community
#  - landscape
#  - image-hub
#  - patterns
blurb: # (Currently not used) Member's tagline, if they have one (a short quip or phrase)
status: # [Active | Inactive]
maintainer: # [no | yes] Designates whether this member is a project maintainer or not.
meshmate: # [no | yes] Designates whether this member is a Layer5 MeshMate or not.
emeritus: # [no | yes] Designates whether ths member is a Layer5 Meshmate Emeritus or not.
published: # [true | false] Controls the visibility of the member profile
---

Commit message:

Added Community Manager role and mapped with GraphQL, Now if any one add community_manager: yes tag then It'll reflect to the page, thankyou
Signed-off-by: sam1code <samcse95@gmail.com>

src/collections/members/_member-profile-template/index.mdx, after:

---
name: # First and Last Name
position: # (e.g. Contributor, Maintainer, MeshMate, Community Manager)
image_path: ./display-picture.png
github: # just the user handle (e.g. vinayaksh42)
twitter: # just the user handle (e.g. Vinayak47427793)
linkedin: # last portion of https://www.linkedin.com/in/<profile-name> (e.g. vinayak-sharma-141096193)
location: # City, Country
bio: # One or two paragraphs about the community member, enclosed in quotation marks.
badges: # List of badges that this member carries. 
            # Badges represent projects that a member has contributed to.
            # Possible badges include
#  - meshery
#  - meshery-operator
#  - smp
#  - nighthawk
#  - community
#  - landscape
#  - image-hub
#  - patterns
blurb: # (Currently not used) Member's tagline, if they have one (a short quip or phrase)
status: # [Active | Inactive]
maintainer: # [no | yes] Designates whether this member is a project maintainer or not.
meshmate: # [no | yes] Designates whether this member is a Layer5 MeshMate or not.
emeritus: # [no | yes] Designates whether ths member is a Layer5 Meshmate Emeritus or not.
community_manager: # [no | yes] Designates whether this member is a Layer5 Community Manager or not.
published: # [true | false] Controls the visibility of the member profile
---
